Add documentation for ToggleAdvanced widget (#4780)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_toggle.md

---
group: javascript-developer-guide

> subgroup: 3_Widgets

Reviewer: The `subgroup` property is obsolete and can be deleted.

title: ToggleAdvanced widget
contributor_name: Atwix
contributor_link: https://www.atwix.com/
---

## Overview

> The ToggleAdvanced {% glossarytooltip f0dcf847-ce21-4b88-8b45-83e1cbf08100 %}widget{% endglossarytooltip %} is used to toggle HTML class for selectors by click on a toggle element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ToggleAdvanced [widget](https://glossary.magedevteam.com/widget) to toggle the HTML class for selectors by clicking on a toggle element.
```

Reviewer: We don't use the `glossarytooltip` liquid tag anymore.

> Also, it allows toggling a clicked element class and a clicked element text if an element is toggled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The widget also allows toggling a clicked element class and clicked element text if an element is toggled.
```

The ToggleAdvanced widget source is [lib/web/mage/toggle.js].

## Initialize the ToggleAdvanced widget

For information about how to initialize a widget in a JS component or `.phtml` template, see the [Initialize JavaScript] topic.

> Generally the ToggleAdvanced widget is instantiated like following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instantiate the ToggleAdvanced widget:
```

```javascript
$("#element").toggleAdvanced();
```

Where:
-   `#element` is the selector of the element for which ToggleAdvanced is initialized.

Phtml template file examples using script:

```html
<script>
    require([
        'jquery',
        'toggleAdvanced'
    ], function ($) {
        'use strict';
        
        $("#element").toggleAdvanced();
    });
</script>
```

## Options

The ToggleAdvanced widget has the following options:

- [baseToggleClass](#basetoggleclass)
- [selectorsToggleClass](#selectorstoggleclass)
- [toggleContainers](#togglecontainers)
- [newLabel](#newlabel)
- [curLabel](#curlabel)
- [currentLabelElement](#currentlabelelement)

### `baseToggleClass`

> The class used to be toggled on clicked element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class used to toggle on a clicked element.
```
